---
title: "Step One: Evaluate Yourself"
date: 1954-09-11
---

### In order to fit in, you must identify your strengths and weaknesses. What are you good at? Why do others criticize you? 

##### You are not fitting in because there are things about you that others don't like. That's the truth. The good thing is, if you try hard enough, you will be able to change. The question is, how much do you want to fit in?

#### To make it easier for you to find your flaws, here is a list of socially unaccepted things. Do you have any of them?

[] You are fat or on the heavier side of average

[] You have glasses

[] You talk about any of the following: science, politics, religion

(Bonus points if these are the only things you talk about, in which case *you need to step it up! You suck!!!* No wonder you have no friends.)

[] You look hideous

[] You care about some random franchise nobody has ever heard of

[] You have a disease that everybody knows about and is secretly judging you for

Has anybody ever said "Sucks to your ass-mar?" to you?

#### However, people will judge you based off your stereotype, too. Do you identify with any of these?

[] I like books. Lots of books. Books are my life. 

If you identify with the above, *congrats*! You're a bookworm. Dork!

[] I like to take time to smell the flowers. I don't like violence, and believe in world peace. I am a mediator in my friend group.

If you like to do that, you're a naive little kid. Grow up, keep with the times! We don't need world peace, we need money and jobs!!!

[] Do you spend all day on a computer, coding? Do you have no friends? Are you socially awkward? 

If the answer is "YES!" to all three questions, then CONGRATS!!! You're a nerd! The *worst* kind of people. Sheesh, do you really have to ruin everything by spouting random science facts?

